Lead the development and delivery of different micro services of a retail core banking platform including currency, chart of account,
Ledgers, Journal posting and trial balance, SOD configuration, and User and role management.
Lead the design and development of Stanbic EZ cash Loan platform for MVP1 and MVP2.
Managed the development and delivery of staff smart card registration platform for Oyo state and assisted in the delivery of a mobile data
capture application for Oyo state citizens.
Leading scrum rituals, collaborating with the engineering and technology team in building processes and resolving blockers.
Defining and documenting project/product scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior
management and other stakeholders.
Overseeing acquisition of resources and materials as needed before and during projects and products by speaking with the client,
Engineering Lead, and Finance department and negotiating price and payment agreements with vendors
Managing junior Product managers and client satisfaction within the project and product transition, and demo period
Responsible for evaluating promotional plans to ensure that they are consistent with product line strategy and that the message is
effectively conveyed. Gaining a deep understanding of customer experience, identifying and filling product gaps and generating new ideas
that grow market share, improve customer experience and drive growth. I am also responsible for tracking the progress of the product team
and the health of the product.
Created buy-in for the product vision internally and with key external partners.
Roadmap creation, connecting vision and technology to the engineering teams for proper product stickiness in line with user pain points.
Managed third-party agents in Europe and Asia for a correct and up-to-date system update.
Collaborating with the media team for proper product message and product launch planning.
Created a non-digital product for Coinnest with minimal resources.
Managed the product team to achieve the organisational goal.
Assist in resolving complex blockchain issues with the customer's service team.
Collaborate with the marketing, sales and operations teams to help create cost-effective business processes that will retain and attract new
clients.
Provided Product requirement documentation (PRD) and Market requirement documentation (MRD) for the team, Managing product
backlogs and Scrum rituals.
Assist in third (3rd) party integration, API generation and project campaigns (online and offline) that will create traffic for the company and
attract more clients as well as maintain a continuous line of communication with the line manager.
Monitoring the progress of new products and the product management team.
Follow up on competitors' products and create product competitiveness based on user behaviour for better customer experience which
leads to over 200% increase in sales.
Onboarding team members, developing shift systems and assigning duties to staff on different shift systems and following up daily
appraising of staff (KPIs).
Participate in scrum meetings and assist the customer experience team to understand the customers better